README.md, before:

# n8n-nodes-obsidian-local-rest-api

A community node for n8n that allows you to interact with your Obsidian Vault via a REST API.

![Banner](banner.webp)

## Prerequisites

Before using this node, you must have the [Obsidian Vault REST API](https://github.com/j-shelfwood/obsidian-local-rest-api) set up and running (e.g. at `http://localhost:8000`). Follow that repository's README to install and start the API.

## Installation

```bash
npm install n8n-nodes-obsidian-local-rest-api
```

## Credentials

### Credentials

**Bearer Token** credentials are optional for local development. If your API does not require authentication (e.g. when running locally), you can leave the Access Token blank.

- **Host**: URL of your Obsidian Vault REST API (e.g. `http://localhost:8000` or your custom domain like `http://obsidian-local-rest-api.test`)
- **Access Token**: Your bearer token (leave blank for no authentication)

If you want to use a custom domain (e.g. with Laravel Valet), set the Host field to your local domain, such as `http://obsidian-local-rest-api.test`.

## Node

After installing and connecting your credentials, add the **Obsidian Vault REST API** node. Select your **Resource** and **Operation** as defined in the bundled OpenAPI spec.

## Building & Publishing

- Source TypeScript lives under `src/`.
- On `npm install` or before publishing, the `prepare` script runs `npm run build` to compile TypeScript and bundle the OpenAPI spec & icon into `dist/`.
- CI (GitHub Actions) does `npm ci`, `npm run build`, then `npm publish` on tags `v*.*.*`.

---

_Feedback and contributions welcome!_

Commit message:

feat: rename credential to Obsidian Vault API, improve discoverability, update publish script

README.md, after:

# n8n-nodes-obsidian-local-rest-api

A community node for n8n that allows you to interact with your Obsidian Vault via a REST API.

![Banner](banner.webp)

## Prerequisites

Before using this node, you must have the [Obsidian Vault REST API](https://github.com/j-shelfwood/obsidian-local-rest-api) set up and running (e.g. at `http://localhost:8000`). Follow that repository's README to install and start the API.

## Installation

```bash
npm install n8n-nodes-obsidian-local-rest-api
```

## Credentials

### Credentials


**Obsidian Vault API** credentials are optional for local development. If your API does not require authentication (e.g. when running locally), you can leave the Access Token blank.

- **Host**: URL of your Obsidian Vault REST API (e.g. `http://localhost:8000` or your custom domain like `http://obsidian-local-rest-api.test`)
- **Access Token**: Your bearer token (leave blank for no authentication)

To use a custom domain (e.g. with Laravel Valet), set the Host field to your local domain, such as `http://obsidian-local-rest-api.test`.

After installing the node, go to Credentials in n8n, search for "Obsidian Vault API", and create a credential. Then select it in your node.

## Node

After installing and connecting your credentials, add the **Obsidian Vault REST API** node. Select your **Resource** and **Operation** as defined in the bundled OpenAPI spec.

## Building & Publishing

- Source TypeScript lives under `src/`.
- On `npm install` or before publishing, the `prepare` script runs `npm run build` to compile TypeScript and bundle the OpenAPI spec & icon into `dist/`.
- CI (GitHub Actions) does `npm ci`, `npm run build`, then `npm publish` on tags `v*.*.*`.

---

_Feedback and contributions welcome!_
